# Algorithms
  whar is required a propcedure that follows a sequence of steps that leads to the desired answer. Such a sequence of steps is called an algorithm.
  
  Defin1:
      An algoithm is a finite sequence of precise instructions for performing a computation or for sloving a problem.
      
  
  An algorithm can also be described using a computer languae. This often leads to a description of the algorithm that is complicated and difficult to understand.
  Futhermore, because many programming languages are in common use, it would bre undesirable to choose one particular language.
  
  pseudocode
  In computer science, pseudocode is a plain language description of the steps in an algorithm or another system. 
  Pseudocode often uses structural conventions of a normal programming language, but is intended for human reading rather than machine reading. 
  It typically omits details that are essential for machine understanding of the algorithm, such as variable declarations and language-specific code. 
  The programming language is augmented with natural language description details, where convenient, or with compact mathematical notation. 
  
  
  ### Big-O notation
    
      The growth of function often described using a special notation.
      
      Defin:
        Let f and g be function from of integers or the set of real numbers to the set of real numbers. f(x) is O(g(x)) if there are constants C and K s.t.
        
        |f(x)| <= C|g(x)|
        
        whenever X> k : "f(x) is big-oh of g(x)"
        
        
   ###### Example1) show that f(x) = x^2 + 2x + 1 is O(x^2)
   
   >
